Adept The Fox
adept The Hyena
adept The Ram
adept The Rhinocerous
alakazam The Leopard
amber The Bee
amethyst The Bear
anaranjado The Hyrax
apple The Moose
apple The Salamander
aquamarine The Goat
aquamarine The Wolf
arcane The Bear
arcane The Lizard
arcane The Mandrill
ash The Cuckoo
ash The Duck
azul The Elephant
basher The Zebra
behemoth The Ocelot
beryl The Bee
beryl The Owl
bianco The Cougar
blanc The Gopher
blau The Bat
blau The Hippo
blau The Macaw
bleu The Meerkat
blood The Moose
blue The Monkey
bone The Bear
book The Panther
book The Rhinocerous
brains The Wolf
brainy The Spider
brawn The Hyena
breaker The Buzzard
breaker The Jackal
brick The Donkey
brick The Quail
camo The Bat
camo The Frog
camo The Moose
carnelian The Seal
charm The Weasel
chase The Macaw
chrome The Cuckoo
chrome The Panda
chrome The Warthog
cinnamon The Mole
cinnamon The Vulture
circuit The Dingo
claret The Orangutan
cloud The Wasp
cobalt The Duck
cobalt The Weasel
copper The Frog
cracker The Lemming
cracker The Porcupine
cracker The Rhinocerous
cranberry The Hummingbird
creed The Buzzard
crusher The Meerkat
cyanne The Eagle
cyanne The Mantis
deep The Iguana
deepthought The Jaguar
diamond The Bear
dusk The Jackal
dusk The Mongoose
ebony The Walrus
ebony The Wasp
faith The Baboon
fire The Hyrax
fire The Jackal
fog The Armadillo
force The Elephant
gear The Rat
gimmick The Hippo
ginger The Bison
ginger The Boar
gizmo The Chipmunk
glyph The Cuckoo
gold The Anteater
grape The Bandicoot
grappler The Camel
grigio The Chipmunk
grigio The Snake
grimoire The Giraffe
grunt The Pig
guide The Eagle
gyp The Badger
gypsy The Panda
hoax The Hedgehog
hocus-pocus The Baboon
iq The Chipmunk
iris The Ratel
ivory The Mantis
jasper The Cuckoo
jet The Cougar
jet The Doormouse
jet The Pig
lapis The Warthog
lavender The Gopher
lemon The Lemming
lightning The Monkey
lilac The Camel
lilac The Ratel
lime The Cheetah
lime The Hyrax
lure The Hummingbird
magenta The Mouse
magic The Ratel
magic The Squirrel
malachite The Bear
mango The Ant
mango The Chipmunk
mauve The Hummingbird
midnight The Donkey
midnight The Lynx
monsoon The Jaguar
mystery The Rabbit
mystery The Skunk
mystery The Wolf
mystic The Lizard
navy The Rabbit
navy The Squirrel
nightfall The Rat
nightfall The Snake
noir The Rat
nomad The Koala
ochre The Eagle
ochre The Owl
orchid The Doormouse
paladin The Leopard
peach The Moose
pepper The Leopard
pilgrim The Fox
piston The Crocodile
planner The Sheep
planner The Shrew
plotter The Agouti
plum The Warthog
pounder The Porcupine
prayer The Capybara
pummeller The Gorilla
quartz The Rabbit
quester The Mantis
racer The Gopher
racer The Walrus
ramble The Mink
rampart The Mantis
rig The Ocelot
rojo The Deer
rouge The Jaguar
rouge The Mandrill
ruby The Rhinocerous
rune The Kangaroo
runner The Pig
rust The Kestrel
sage The Fox
sapphire The Iguana
scarlet The Ocelot
schemer The Gopher
schwarzes The Zebra
scout The Bandicoot
seeker The Cheetah
seeker The Panda
seeker The Skunk
smoke The Vulture
sneaky The Camel
soot The Buzzard
spell The Orangutan
stalker The Mongoose
steel The Walrus
stray The Chipmunk
strike The Bee
strike The Cougar
sulfur The Anteater
sulfur The Koala
sunny The Panther
sunny The Wolverine
sutra The Pelican
sutra The Reindeer
tank The Badger
tech The Mouse
techno The Raccoon
techno The Devil
templar The Otter
titan The Seagull
tool The Agouti
tool The Orangutan
topaz The Reindeer
trail The Camel
tripper The Donkey
tripper The Hedgehog
trooper The Hedgehog
tsunami The Cheetah
tulip The Cockatiel
tulip The Grasshopper
tulip The Ocelot
turqoise The Cockatiel
turqoise The Donkey
turqoise The Kangaroo
twilight The Swan
twister The Boar
twister The Eagle
upgrade The Gazelle
verde The Panther
vermillion The Badger
violeta The Turtle
virtuoso The Hippo
wanderer The Macaw
warlord The Kestrel
warlord The Mink
warmongeror The Frog
wayfarer The Eagle
wayfarer The Wasp
whiz The Crocodile
zigzag The Bee
